.TH FABRICV 1 2021-04-10 LINUX

.SH NAME
fabricV \- fetch FabricMC versions

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fabricV
[\fB\-h\fR]
[\fB\-?\fR]
[\fB\-m\fR \fIversion\fR]
[\fB\-p\fR]
[\fB\-b\fR]
[\fB\-l\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR]
[\fB\-c\fR]
[\fB\-P\fR]
[\fB\-B\fR]
[\fB\-L\fR]
[\fB\-V\fR]
[\fB\-C\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fabricV
fetches Fabric Loader, Fabric API, and Yarn versions for a specified Minecraft version.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-?
display help information.

.TP
.BR \-m " " \fIversion
select the Minecraft version.

.TP
.BR \-p
output an example mod gradle.properties snippet.

.TP
.BR \-b
output a Gradle buildscript.

.TP
.BR \-l
output a plain list of version numbers.

.TP
.BR \-v
enable verbose output.

.TP
.BR \-c
enable ANSI-colored output.

.TP
.BR \-P
do \fBNOT\fR output an example mod gradle.properties snippet.

.TP
.BR \-B
do \fBNOT\fR output a Gradle buildscript.

.TP
.BR \-L
do \fBNOT\fR output a plain version list.

.TP
.BR \-V
disable verbose output.

.TP
.BR \-C
disable ANSI-colored output.

.PP
By default, \fBfabricV\fR fetches the latest Minecraft version using Mojang's API and outputs a plain list of version numbers.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
fabricV -cvm 1.16.2
Enable verbose output, enable colored output and output a list of FabricMC versions for Minecraft 1.16.2.

.TP
fabricV -cpb
Output a version list, Gradle buildscript and a gradle.properties snippet for the latest Minecraft version, all colored.

.TP
fabricV -Lpm 20w45a
Output a gradle.properties snippet for Minecraft 20w45a.

.SH AUTHOR
YTG123 <54103478+YTG1234@users.noreply.github.com>

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
You can report bugs at GitHub: <https://github.com/YTG1234/fabricversions/issues>
