.TH FABRICVERSIONS 1 2021-04-10 FABRICVERSIONS

.SH NAME
FabricVersions \- fetch FabricMC versions

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fabricversions
[\fB\-p\fR]
[\fB\--properties\fR]
[\fB\-b\fR]
[\fB\--buildscript\fR]
[\fB\-m\fR \fIversion\fR]
[\fB\--minecraft-version\fR \fIversion\fR]
[\fB\-l\fR]
[\fB\--list\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR]
[\fB\--verbose\fR]
[\fB\-c\fR]
[\fB\--colors\fR]
[\fB\--no-properties\fR]
[\fB\--no-buildscript\fR]
[\fB\--no-list\fR]
[\fB\--no-verbose\fR]
[\fB\--no-colors\fR]
[\fB\--no-api\fR]
[\fB\-h\fR]
[\fB\--help\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B FabricVersions
fetches Fabric Loader, Fabric API, and Yarn versions for a specified Minecraft version.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-properties/\-\-no\-properties
output an example mod gradle.properties snippet

.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\-buildscript/\-\-no\-buildscript
output a Gradle buildscript snippet

.TP
.BR \-m ", " \-\-minecraft-version " " \fIversion
select the Minecraft version

.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-list/\-\-no\-list
output a plain list of version numbers

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose/\-\-no\-verbose
verbose output

.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-colors/\-\-no\-colors
ANSI-colored output

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-api
don't show the Fabric API version. This option is here because this takes the longest to fetch

.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
show help information

.TP

By default, \fBFabricVersions\fR fetches the latest Minecraft version and shows a plain, uncolored list of version numbers (no verbose).

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
fabricversions -cvm 1.16.2
Enable verbose output, enable colored output and output a list of FabricMC versions for Minecraft 1.16.2.

.TP
fabricversions -cpb
Output a version list, Gradle buildscript and a gradle.properties snippet for the latest Minecraft version, all colored.

.TP
fabricversions --no-list -pm 20w45a
Output a gradle.properties snippet for Minecraft 20w45a.

.SH AUTHOR
YTG123 <54103478+YTG1234@users.noreply.github.com>

.SH LICENSING
FabricVersions is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
You can report bugs at GitHub: <https://github.com/YTG1234/fabricversions/issues>
